README.md, before:

# learn-stm32

This is a repository I'm logging all of my work with my STM32F722ZE Nucleo
board.

## Getting started

### Requirements

- Python 3.8 or later

### Initialisation

Create a workspace directory, enter it, and clone this repository.

Enter the `stm32-sdk` directory and install the python requirements from
requirements.txt.

`python -m pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt`

Run the initialisation script from the base directory.

`python scripts/init.py`

Run the env script to set up your environment.

`./scripts/env.ps1`

## Building a project

Run the build script to build a project.

`python build.py -a path/to/your/project -d path/to/you/build/directory`

## Running a project

Download the stlink tool from here:

`https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stsw-link004.html#st-get-software`

Run the following command to program the board.

`ST-LINK_CLI.exe -c -P ./path/to/your/build/dir/project_name.hex -V -Run`

## Useful things (mainly for me)

### MIDI UART

I use USART1 for MIDI output. TX is PB6, this is CN10 pin 13. This pin connects
to the red wire on my MIDI cable through a 100ohm resistor. The shield pin
connects to ground. The yellow pin connects to 3.3v through a 220ohm resistor.

Commit message:

README: update docs on toolchain
the toolchain must be installed manually, update the readme to tell the
user this

Signed-off-by: Emma Davenport <emma.v.davenport@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# learn-stm32

This is a repository I'm logging all of my work with my STM32F722ZE Nucleo
board.

## Getting started

### Requirements

- Python 3.8 or later

### Initialisation

Create a workspace directory, enter it, and clone this repository.

Enter the `stm32-sdk` directory and install the python requirements from
requirements.txt.

`python -m pip install -r scripts/requirements.txt`

Run the initialisation script from the base directory.

`python scripts/init.py`

Run the env script to set up your environment.

`./scripts/env.ps1`

## Toolchain

The GCC ARM none eabi toolchain can be downloaded from [here](https://developer.arm.com/-/media/Files/downloads/gnu-rm/10.3-2021.10/gcc-arm-none-eabi-10.3-2021.10-win32.zip?rev=8f4a92e2ec2040f89912f372a55d8cf3&hash=8A9EAF77EF1957B779C59EADDBF2DAC118170BBF).
Extract this to `modules/gcc-arm-none-eabi`.

## Building a project

Run the build script to build a project.

`python build.py -a path/to/your/project -d path/to/you/build/directory`

## Running a project

Download the stlink tool from here:

`https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stsw-link004.html#st-get-software`

Run the following command to program the board.

`ST-LINK_CLI.exe -c -P ./path/to/your/build/dir/project_name.hex -V -Run`

## Useful things (mainly for me)

### MIDI UART

I use USART1 for MIDI output. TX is PB6, this is CN10 pin 13. This pin connects
to the red wire on my MIDI cable through a 100ohm resistor. The shield pin
connects to ground. The yellow pin connects to 3.3v through a 220ohm resistor.
